cheskstyle report (#31)
SkanUJkod/SkanUJkod: resources/tool-reports/checkstyle/main.md

Reviewer: add markdown headings for sections and each described metric

Reviewer: rename file to something like `metrics-research.md`

![example graphs](metricslevel.png)

We can measure static metrics at different levels. <br>

> https://www.sonarsource.com/learn/cyclomatic-complexity/ <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, visit: [SonarSource - Cyclomatic Complexity](https://www.sonarsource.com/learn/cyclomatic-complexity/). <br>
```

Cyclomatic complexity is measured at the method level.
Cyclomatic complexity – the minimum number of paths that need to be tested to ensure each decision point is executed at least once.
Formula: C = E – N + 2P

> ![example graphs](controlGraphExample.png)

Reviewer: update link after renaming

Higher cyclomatic complexity means that more paths need to be covered. More paths can lead to a higher probability of bugs.
Every decision point (loop or conditional statement) contributes to a new path.

```python
    if a: 
        if b: 
            if c: 
                #statement

    if a and b and c: 
        #statement 
```

Cyclomatic complexity code analysis involves reviewing your program’s source code to understand its structure and identify areas where the complexity can be reduced.

> Calculating cyclomatic complexity for each function or module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is calculated for each function or module to measure its complexity.
```

> https://github.com/mauricioaniche/ck

Reviewer: please describe this resource

> LOC (Lines of code): It counts the lines of count, ignoring empty lines and comments (i.e., it's Source Lines of Code, or SLOC). The number of lines here might be a bit different from the original file, as we use JDT's internal representation of the source code to calculate it

Reviewer: expand the shortcut JDT to `Java Development Tools` as it may not be obvious

Reviewer: add a period at the end of the sentence :))

CBO (Coupling between objects): Counts the number of dependencies a class has. The tools checks for any type used in the entire class (field declaration, method return types, variable declarations, etc). 

FAN-IN: Counts the number of input dependencies a class has, i.e, the number of classes that reference a particular class. For instance, given a class X, the fan-in of X would be the number of classes that call X by referencing it as an attribute, accessing some of its attributes, invoking some of its methods, etc.

FAN-OUT: Counts the number of output dependencies a class has, i.e, the number of other classes referenced by a particular class. In other words, given a class X, the fan-out of X is the number of classes called by X via attributes reference, method invocations, object instances, etc.

# Checkstyle

.xml to specify types of checks 

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE module PUBLIC
  "-//Puppy Crawl//DTD Check Configuration 1.3//EN"
  "https://checkstyle.org/dtds/configuration_1_3.dtd">
<module name="Checker">
  <module name="TreeWalker">
    <module name="FallThrough"/>
  </module>
</module>

> ```

Reviewer: why is this needed? example of such an xml already exists

```

```cmd
C:\checkstyle> java -jar checkstyle-10.21.4-all.jar -c sun_checks.xml  C:\checkstyle\testCheckStyle\src\Test.java
Starting audit...
[ERROR] C:\checkstyle\testCheckStyle\src\Test.java:1: File does not end with a newline. [NewlineAtEndOfFile]
[ERROR] C:\checkstyle\testCheckStyle\src\Test.java:1: Missing package-info.java file. [JavadocPackage]
[ERROR] C:\checkstyle\testCheckStyle\src\Test.java:13:13: switch without "default" clause. [MissingSwitchDefault]
[ERROR] C:\checkstyle\testCheckStyle\src\Test.java:17:22: '3' is a magic number. [MagicNumber]
Audit done.
Checkstyle ends with 4 errors.

```

```cmd 
C:\checkstyle> java -jar checkstyle-10.21.4-all.jar  -T  C:\checkstyle\testCheckStyle\src\Test.java
COMPILATION_UNIT -> COMPILATION_UNIT [6:0]
`--CLASS_DEF -> CLASS_DEF [6:0]
    |--MODIFIERS -> MODIFIERS [6:0]
    |--BLOCK_COMMENT_BEGIN -> /* [1:0]
    |   |--COMMENT_CONTENT -> *\r\n * Javadoc summary.\r\n *\r\n * Some description.\r\n  [1:2]
    |   `--BLOCK_COMMENT_END -> */ [5:1]
    |--LITERAL_CLASS -> class [6:0]
    |--IDENT -> Test [6:6]
    `--OBJBLOCK -> OBJBLOCK [6:11]
        |--LCURLY -> { [6:11]
        |--METHOD_DEF -> METHOD_DEF [10:4]

>         |   |--MODIFIERS -> MODIFIERS [10:4]

Reviewer: I suggest extracting the usage example into a separate file if you are aiming for a multifile report
